url: https://www.yelp.ca/biz/pai-northern-thai-kitchen-toronto-5?osq=Restaurants

For Businesses

Write a Review

Pad Thai

Khao Soi

Green Curry

Pad Gra's Crispy Pork

Pad Gra Prow

Spring Rolls

Squash Fritters

Chef Nuit

Tom Yum Soup

Mango Sticky Rice

18 Duncan Street

Toronto, ON M5H 3G8

Entertainment District, Downtown Core

Mon

Closed

Tue

Closed

Wed

2:30 PM - 9:30 PM

Thu

2:30 PM - 9:30 PM

Fri

2:30 PM - 9:30 PM

Sat

2:30 PM - 9:30 PM

Sun

2:30 PM - 9:30 PM

21 More Attributes

Business owner information

Jeff and Nuit R.

Business Owner

Pai will be serving authentic northern Thai cuisine. And we are proud to boast that we do things the way they are meant to be, with no quality cutting short cuts. 

We will be serving dishes that are inspired by Chef Nuit's life in northern Thailand and also current northern Thai trends. Many dishes may be uncommonly presented in North America. Fortunately, with the reputation Chef Nuit has earned, we are confident the general public will be ready and willing to be amazed by whatever chef Nuit creates.…

Your trust is our top concern, so businesses can't pay to alter or remove their reviews. Learn more.

Elite 2021

First time trying PAI and it was soooo delicious! Got their shrimp pad thai ($20) & their chicken khao soi ($18). The khao soi was honestly the best I've had! Soup was flavourful, the perfect amount of curry and coconut milk. For drinks, we got a pineapple shake ($6) and mango juice ($4) which was super refreshing .Lastly, we ended off with their mango sticky rice ($10). I reserved one month in advance on opentable for a table for 2 for a Sunday at 6pm. They're always super busy and lunch and dinner times are always full so make sure to reserve early!

Elite 2021

Still as good as it was 5 years ago.Pad Thai $18Pad See Ew $18Grabong $15.50Thai iced tea $6Sangria $11Everything we got was cooked and made to perfection. Great service and food has been consistently on point. I think my favourite main dish is now the pad see ew. Damn that thick noodle just hits the spot!Get the sangria, you won't regret this.

See all photos from Jacqui L. for Pai Northern Thai Kitchen

I don't usually eat Thai food but I'm so glad we checked out this place! Every dish is about $13-15 and you can add on different meats to change it up. I can't even begin to tell you what I got. Some form of rice with beef and fish sauce. My friend got the fried rice. My other friend got the coconut curry with noodles or something. Everything was delicious!!!! We also grabbed some starters, spring rolls and deep fried shrimp which was the best starters I've had in a long time! You have to get it. Oh and saving the best for last.... The Pai sangria $11 for a glass was on FIRE. HELL YES I'd pay for that. Expensive but yolo right? Sit out on the patio, enjoy a glass and eat good food with great friends. That's what it's all about.

Read more

Elite 2021

Authentic and very delicious Thai food. This time I was able to get a reservation for dine in, which was nice. Their Khao soi is slightly more watery than other ones I've had, but creamy and flavorful nonetheless. The pork rib soup was sour, spicy, and addictive; they don't skimp on the meat. I would actually recommend sitting inside rather than on their two patios, as the interior is beautifully decorated and outside can smell a little like sewer if the wind isn't blowing in your favor

Papaya salad, Khao soi, pork rib + tomato soup (kanom jin nham ngeaw)

The beef salad (plah nuah) was delicious: the beef was perfectly seared and juicy, the dressing was tangy and garlicky. They definitely don't skimp on the beef. Only gripe is it's a tad small for the price, but hey that's downtown!Got takeout but the service seemed friendly and efficient.

Read more

Elite 2021

Authentic Thai - AMAZING FOOD!  This is my husbands favourite Thai restaurant in Toronto (mine is Jatujak). We usually avoid going downtown, but PAI is the exception.  What we usually order: [Gai Satay Skewers] - These tender chicken skewers with a peanut sauce is an amazing starter [Morning Glory] - This is the best morning glory dish in the city! Always our go to order [Green Curry] - This is the dish that made PAI my husbands favourite Thai restaurant in the city. It is packed with flavour and very unique from other green curries as this one has a fishy taste to its curry sauce. [Khao Soi] - This one is one of my favourite Thai Dishes, and although they don't make it as well at Jatujak, their version is still pretty darn good.  Overall, Pai is a delicious authentic thai restaurant, serving up some amazing flavourful dishes. It does tend to get super busy here, so heads up!

See all photos from Annie P. for Pai Northern Thai Kitchen

First time at this restaurant.Had heard from many people that is a must try place and it definitely did not disappoint. From the moment we walked in we were greeted and accommodated by all staff. They were very knowledgeable about their food and made great suggestions. But I cannnot say enough about the food.....wow soooo delicious  I would go back again and again.

Went by a week or 2 after lockdown, dine in reservations were full, only walk-in first come first serve. Only waited about 20-30 minutes. First time experiencing Pai as a friend recommended this place. Thai milk tea was very nice just a hint too sweet for me but tasted quite authentic as I have been to Thailand. Also ordered PAD THAI, thai spicy. Very nice kick as I'm used to spicy food

NORTHERN THAI PLATTER Deep F fritters, barbecue pork skewers, Thai sausage served, tomato-pork relish,sticky rice.

Elite 2021

Located in the heart of downtown, this is definitely a hidden gem. Very down to earth, and a nice place to chill and dine with friends or family. They do also have a bar area for solo diners. I do not recommend this place if you are looking for a quiet romantic date. However if you seek an upbeat, busy yet savoury food, this is your go to. If you crave Thai food, their food here is flavourful and delicious. You can tell they use fresh ingredients to make a great meal. Definitely a must try for Thai cuisine.

Super long line-up for any day of the week. Definitely much better to go during lunch hour! The wait was long but it was worth it! Food is so fresh and has so much flavour! Pad Thai was rich in flavour with the perfect amount of exquisite sauce. The aroma for the coconut curry was a great reflection of its delightful taste. As for the khao soi, savoury with a gratifying after taste. It is definitely filling and delicious. Also, must try the Thai iced tea! As for the space, this place is huge with a very relaxed and down-to-eatery ambiance. I definitely recommend this location for anyone who enjoys to relaxed while enjoying a scrumptious Thai meal.

Read more

Elite 2021

For all you west side kids, Pai has a location in Etobicoke delivering through apps. Location: Pai EtobicokeDelivery: UberEatsI had to write my review before my words are slowly fleeting away..Ordered Khao Soi, coconut curry egg noodle, one tofu/veggie and one beef. Beef Khao Soi. There are 5-6 large chunks of beef. Tofu/Veggie Khao Soi. Broccoli and cauliflower were overcooked and broke upon touch. Despite the overcooked vegetables, the coconut curry was so rich, creamy, and flavourful. The egg noodle was a smaller portion than expected; the broth to noodle ratio was really skewed in the broth's favour. I really appreciated the following: Lime/green onions were packed into a small Dixie cup container. Fried noodles were plentiful, a whole sandwich bag full. Egg noodles were perfectly cooked and packed into a small round container. Would 100% reorder with a slight hope for non-overcooked broccoli and cauliflower. I hope the Pai Etobicoke location allows dine in once we return to a semi normalcy in the not so distant future.

Tofu/Veggie Khao Soi.

Beef Khao Soi.

Elite 2021

Hm... I'm gonna try coming back here to get the full experience but for now I'm just going to comment on the food because I've only ever gotten takeout.I've only ever tried the Pad Thai here and you know what I have absolutely nothing bad to say about it. It checks off everything I want in a Pad Thai and this is the safest bet you'll get in Toronto. The only reason why I wouldn't give it five stars is cause I'm not particularly wowed by anything, if anything I feel every other Pad Thai place is like below standard and this one is the standard. My boyfriend also tried the green curry and he seemed to really like it. I tried a bite and it was quite refreshing and coconut-y but very filling. Can't wait to try this in house someday!

Came here on Saturday at 1145 and a line has already started forming so come early! Waitress was very friendly and attentive. The best dish for me was the shrimp miang kum. Definitely a must! I'm surprised they have this here as it's a very niche thai dish - will definitely return for more! The platter is alright, I like the moo ping (pork skewers) the most. The laab (minced pork) tasted kinda soapy (?) Which is weird I'm not sure why but I didn't enjoy it too much. The fritters were crunchy and fun to eat. Last the beef salad was okay. It was a little dry, I wish there was more sauce or dressing because the dressing is really good. All in all it was very good and I would definitely come back to try the rest!

882 other reviews that are not currently recommended

Business website

paitoronto.com

Phone number

(416) 901-4724

Get Directions

18 Duncan Street Toronto, ON M5H 3G8

Claim your business to immediately update business information, respond to reviews, and more!



10

Toronto Weekly Roundup

By Yelp I.

30

30 Must Try Restaurants in Toronto, Winter 2019

By Yelp I.

40

Toronto's Elite Of Elite

By Nimish H.

15

Authentic Thai/Malay/Vietnamese Restaurants

By Danica C.

11

Beyond Pad Thai in Toronto

By Jennifer C.

18

Toronto Yelp Top 2020 Picks

By Tarah P.

20

Best In Class Across GTA

By Wincy S.

17

Rosey’s Toronto Faves 🌟

By Rosey L.

136

Toronto Top Dining, Eateries & Bars!

By Charles N.

8

Downtown TO Faves

By Caitlin T.

Khao San Road

Sabai Sabai Kitchen and Bar

Si Lom Thai Bistro

Koh Lipe Thai Kitchen

Kiin

Salad King Restaurant

Restaurants

Nightlife

Shopping

Show all

Search for Reservations

Book a Table in Toronto

Find more Thai near Pai Northern Thai Kitchen

Asian Food Toronto

Pai Toronto Toronto

Thai Food Toronto

Copyright © 2004–2021 Yelp

